docs: add documentation on Shadcn (#36)
Alacran-Studio/lpdd: README.md

Another easier way is to use supabase or render database instances. You can find the env variables in the dashboard for those services.

NOTE: More details [here](drizzle/README.md)

### UI Components

> We use [https://ui.shadcn.com/](Shadcn) for our `SideBar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) for our `<SideBar/> component`.
```

> Many of the components generated by Shadcn are contained within `src/components/ui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the components borrowed from shadcn/ui are contained within `src/components/ui`.
```

> For a more detailed look, check out [https://github.com/Alacran-Studio/lpdd/pull/23/files](this pull request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more detailed look, check out [this pull request](https://github.com/Alacran-Studio/lpdd/pull/23/files).
```
